Boy, if you dare to touch your phone
I have nothing to do with the Jiang family and you
If you can keep your Jiang family from going bankrupt first
Talk tough again
You broke the bet
I can only keep your legs
Ahhhh!
aunt
Throw them all out
Come and make trouble again, see you again and fight again
And find someone to pay me to earn a house
Yes
Ah!
Chen Huachan, I will leave Jiajia with you
Go quickly
Mom, do you want to avenge me?
Kobayashi, what the hell is going on?
Who broke your leg?
It's the Jiang family wife who we dared to go out
He took revenge on Kobayashi
Break Lil's leg
What sir
Our mother has been patient with him all these years
He got worse after he was kicked out of the Zhang family
Are you going to avenge us?
So lawless
Aunt Liu, is there any misunderstanding?
Yes, there is a misunderstanding.
The misunderstanding is that you took 2 million to Chen Huachan
Let him win the bet and show his power in front of me
And he broke my leg.
Sister, I didn't feel sorry for you, did I?
Why are you holding that trash?
What about our family?